bluetooth: controller: Implement hci driver close functionality (#9412)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth LE
------------

* Added:

>   * Support for hci_driver_close, so bt_disable can now be used to disable the sdc.
>   * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_UNINIT_MPSL_ON_DISABLE` was added so that mpsl is uninitialized with bt_disable, which release all peripherals used by MPSL.

Reviewer: Minor changelog sugestion:
```suggestion
  * Support for :c:func:`hci_driver_close`, so :c:func:`bt_disable` can now be used to disable the SoftDevice Controller.
  * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_UNINIT_MPSL_ON_DISABLE` was added so that MPSL is uninitialized with :c:func:`bt_disable`, which releases all peripherals used by MPSL.
```

Reviewer 2: These are good changes. Just want to further improve the second bullet:
```suggestion
  * Support for :c:func:`hci_driver_close`, so :c:func:`bt_disable` can now be used to disable the SoftDevice Controller.
  * The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_UNINIT_MPSL_ON_DISABLE` that, when enabled, uninitializes the MPSL when :c:func:`bt_disable` is used.
    This releases all peripherals used by the MPSL.
```
I believe the meaning is still the same.
